**Section 1**

Nurse A at XYZ Hospital is in charge of delivering medications to all patients in a certain wing of the hospital.  Moreover, Nurse A is responsible for warning the Hospital's supply administrators when they need to purchase new medications and each in which quantity.  Nurse A wants to be sure that the hospital is prioritizing getting enough of the most needed medications and considering the future as well (expected medications, if some are in greater need during certain seasons of the year).  In such case, indeed the general question involves Nurse A being aware of how well the medication stock lines up with what the patients require.

**Section 2**

As was stated in the lecture, the complexity of the code we write to find solutions and answer questions through the data science process (question definition, data collection, annotation, analysis, interpretation, communication) depends on the cleanness of the data that we're looking at.  If the data itself is hard to obtain or measure, for example large scraped amounts of text from web forums (to look for certain keywords from certain groups of people), it will be difficult to analyze or to classify whether that text has the exact keyword or sentiment, or is from a valid group (ex people from only a certain country).  Thus, in this case the code will need to be complex to account for the complexity of data we're choosing.  Also, if the format of the data we're dealing with is unorthodox or obsolete (like election campaign donations stored in FORTRAN format), extra complexity is needed to parse the data to make it able to annotate, analyse, and whatever other transformation /pre/post processing needed.